Q: Why did you choose a BSD license ? Some tests look rather trivial to the
   point that a public domain license would fit better.
A: The first tests were developed as part of the Google Summer of Code project
   and they had to be licensed under some free license listed in here:
   http://www.opensource.org/licenses/alphabetical . Unfortunately, public
   domain, which has been my initial intention, wasn't. A 2-clause BSD license
   appeared to me as the next best choice. After the end of the project, I
   didn't bother changing it for reasons of uniformity.

Q: But, there are a couple of test cases licensed under public domain. Why?
A: I have taken a few test cases from OpenBSD. They were licensed as public
   domain and, therefore, I respected original's author wish by leaving them
   as they are.


Q: Why some test cases run slow eventhough my machine is very fast ?
A: There are test cases that call sleep(...) in order to ensure that
   certain time conditions are met. These conditions are paramount to
   the proper execution of the test cases and cannot be circumvented.


Q: While building the test cases, I see lots of compile/linking errors. Why ?
A: This usually happens when the host OS misses some POSIX mandated stuff,
   e.g. doesnt implement utmpx or complex arithmetic support. In this sense,
   we treat an unbuildable test case, as a failed test case. No need to worry.
   While running the regression suite these tests will appeas as:
   /foo.h/t_bar: failed (test case doesn't exist).


Q: Is it possible that my system crashes by running the tests ?
A: YES, ABSOLUTELY.
   The test cases excercise many code paths of the host OS. Therefore, they may
   trigger some deficit and crash your system, cause data corruption or any
   other conceivable (or not) unpleasant situation.
   Which is exactly what a test suite is all about: to reveal any concealed
   bugs. As a matter of fact, some test cases are specifically written in a way
   to trigger panic's, such as mqueue.h/t_mq_notify_invsigno.
   DO NOT RUN THE TEST SUITE ON A PRODUCTION MACHINE. LET ME REPEAT IT.
   DO NOT RUN THE TEST SUITE ON A PRODUCTION MACHINE. Use a tinderbox instead or
   a virtual machine, e.g. VirtualBox.
